Added sx1272 integrated lora device (#2)
catie-aq/zephyr_zest-core-mtxdot: README.md

1. Add the Zest_Core_MTXDOT board to your workspace using the [6TRON module](https://github.com/catie-aq/zephyr_6tron-manifest.git).
2. Compile and flash application using `west` tool:
   - Board name: `zest_core_mtxdot`

> [!CAUTION]
>

> > In order to use an external antenna on the UFL connector app.overlay needs to be setup as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To use an external antenna on the U.FL connector, the device tree needs to be configured as follow:
```
